Abrosexual: Abrosexuality is described as an individual who experiences their sexuality change frequently. It can fluctuate between different sexualities often. 
Androgynosexual: An androgynosexual describes a person who is sexually attracted to men and women, particularly those of androgynous appearance.
Androsexual: An androsexual is anyone who has sexual feelings towards masculinity. This term is usually used by genderqueer individuals who do not fall within heterosexuality or homosexuality.
Aromantic: A person who is aromantic does not experience romantic attraction. This person does not have to identify as asexual & they still may experience sensual & aesthetic attraction. 
Asexual: Asexual is the term used to describe a person who feels little to no sexual attraction to anyone.
Biromantic: A person who is romantically attracted to two sexes or genders. Biromantic asexuals seek romantic relationships for companionship, affection, and intimacy, but they are not sexually attracted to their romantic partners. 
Bisexuality: Bisexuals are sexually attracted to two or more genders.
Ceterosexual: Someone who experiences sexual/romantic attraction only to nonbinary people. This label is used as a nonproblematic term for skoliosexuality only to be used by nonbinary people.
Demisexual: Demisexual refers to a person who doesnt experience sexual attraction unless they form an emotional connection.
Demiromantic: This term is a type of greyromantic who only experiences romantic attraction after developing an emotional connection. They do not experience primary romantic attraction, but are capable of secondary romantic attraction.
Finsexual: The attraction to women, females and femininity.
Gay: A person who identifies as homosexual.
Gynosexual: Anyone who has sexual feelings towards a woman or femininity. The term can be useful when describing the sexual orientation of an individual with a nonbinary gender identity.
GreyRomantic: A greyromantic is a person with a romantic orientation that is somewhere between aromantic & romantic. 
Heterosexual: A person sexually attracted to people of the opposite sex.
Homosexuality: A person sexually attracted to people of ones own sex.
Heteroromantic: Romantically attracted to a member of the opposite sex or gender. They may seek romantic intimacy but theyre not sexually attracted to partners.
Homoromantic: Romantically attracted to someone of the same sex or gender. They may seek romantic intimacy but theyre not sexually attracted to partners.
Lesbian: A homosexual woman whose emotional, romantic and sexual feelings are towards women. 
Omnisexual: Omnisexuals are attracted to all genders. Gender can still be a factor in their attraction, unlike pansexuals, who dont care about gender. 
Pansexuality: A person whose romantic and/or sexual attraction towards others is not limited by sex or gender.
Panromantic: Is a person that can be romantically attracted to all genders, but not sexually. 
Pomosexuality: Refers to nonorientation in which people disregard sexuality labels altogether. Basically, labels are seen as superficial and insignificant to someone who identities as pomosexual. 
Polysexual: Is the attract to some, but not all, genders. They may be attracted to any combination of  possible genders, including binary & nonbinary. 
Queer: An LGBTQ+ term the community is reclaiming. An identity label that is nonspecific about a persons sexual orientation. 
Questioning: To be unsure of or reexamining ones previous assumption of sexual orientation.
Straight: A heterosexual
Skoliosexual: The attraction to nonbinary individuals.
Sapiosexual: Sexually attracted to intelligence or the human mind.